[No QA] Add KSv2.md file (#14342)
Expensify/App: contributingGuides/KSv2.md

> # K2v2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# KSv2
```

> In Expensify we have an engineering prioritization process called "Kernel Scheduler v2" (KSv2). This system prioritizes tasks based on time priorities:

Reviewer: Technically the system isn't just for the engineering team, but maybe you want to mention that because our contributors are currently all engineers?

Author: Oh good point, I took that text from the manifesto, but since it's used for also non-engineers I think makes sense to re-write that part to something like:

```
In Expensify, we have a task prioritization process called "Kernel Scheduler v2" (KSv2) that organizes tasks based on their time urgency:
```

**Hourly**: If a Github issue has the `Hourly` label, the assignee should update it *at least* once an hour

**Daily**: If a Github issue has the `Daily` label, the assignee should update it *at least* once a day

**Weekly**: If a Github issue has the `Weekly` label, the assignee should update it *at least* once a week

**Monthly**: If a Github issue has the `Monthly` label, the assignee should update it *at least* once a month.

If a GitHub issue has the `Overdue` label, it means that it hasn't been updated in the amount of time allotted for an update (ex - A weekly issue becomes overdue if it hasn't been updated in a week).

> You can install the KSv2 extension from [here](https://github.com/Expensify/k2-extension/). As a best practice, before you start working on things, go to the [K2 dashboard](https://github.com/Expensify/Expensify#k2). At the top of the page, it lists all your assigned issues and anything with red text is overdue. Take time to address each overdue issue. That's it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install the KSv2 extension from [here](https://github.com/Expensify/k2-extension/). As a best practice, before you start working on assigned tasks, go to the [K2 dashboard](https://github.com/Expensify/Expensify#k2). At the top of the page, it lists all your assigned issues organized by priority. Anything with red text is overdue - make sure to address these first. That's it!
```

# KSv2

In Expensify, we use a prioritization system called called "Kernel Scheduler v2" (KSv2) to help us keep aligned on how frequently GitHub issues should be worked on, depending on their time priority:

**Hourly**: If a Github issue has the `Hourly` label, the assignee should update it *at least* once an hour

**Daily**: If a Github issue has the `Daily` label, the assignee should update it *at least* once a day

**Weekly**: If a Github issue has the `Weekly` label, the assignee should update it *at least* once a week

**Monthly**: If a Github issue has the `Monthly` label, the assignee should update it *at least* once a month.

## Dashboard

To help surface the issues that need the most #urgency, we've built a custom extension to use in GitHub. It looks like this:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6829422/212977549-7e1b0b48-1c6f-4c90-a05e-26e6e2ba9926.png" />

> In the dashboard, you can see all your issues broken down from urgent to least urgent. Issues will also change color depending on other factors - eg, if they have "HOLD" in the title or if they have the `Overdue`, `Planning`, or `Waiting for copy` labels applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the dashboard, you can see all issues assigned to you, prioritized from most urgent to least urgent. Issues will also change color depending on other factors - e.g. if they have "HOLD" in the title or if they have the `Overdue`, `Planning`, or `Waiting for copy` labels applied.
```

If a GitHub issue has the `Overdue` label, it means that it hasn't been updated in the amount of time allotted for an update (ex - A weekly issue becomes overdue if it hasn't been updated in a week).

## Installation

You can install the KSv2 extension from [here](https://github.com/Expensify/k2-extension/). As a best practice, before you start working on assigned tasks, go to the [K2 dashboard](https://github.com/Expensify/Expensify#k2). At the top of the page, it lists all your assigned issues organized by priority. Anything with red text is overdue - make sure to address these first. That's it!

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

## Why is it called "Kernel Scheduler v2?"
KSv2 is shout-out to Windows 95 improving the kernel scheduler used in Windows 3.1. In Windows 3.1, if a program was in the foreground, it was given 100% of the CPU time. This meant that if you watched a background application like the clock, it wouldn't update its time until the foreground application was no longer in the foreground. Then the clock could "catch up" and update to show the current time. Windows 95 made it so that background applications could update by dedicating a small amount of the foreground CPU usage as "spare cycles" for background apps to use. This meant that the clock could now update in real-time, even though it was running in the background.

We brought the same thinking to GitHub priority. A monthly issue is like the "background app". Rather than never getting any work done on it ever, we say that it should have _something_ done on it once a month. It doesn't need to be closed or completed, but it should have something done to it. That way most of a developer's bandwidth can be used on the high-priority items that are hourly and daily, yet still, make some progress on weekly and monthly issues.
```

Reviewer: love it

# KSv2

In Expensify, we use a prioritization system called called "Kernel Scheduler v2" (KSv2) to help us keep aligned on how frequently GitHub issues should be worked on, depending on their time priority:

**Hourly**: If a Github issue has the `Hourly` label, the assignee should update it *at least* once an hour

**Daily**: If a Github issue has the `Daily` label, the assignee should update it *at least* once a day

**Weekly**: If a Github issue has the `Weekly` label, the assignee should update it *at least* once a week

**Monthly**: If a Github issue has the `Monthly` label, the assignee should update it *at least* once a month.

> ## Dashboard
> 
> To help surface the issues and PRs that need the most `#urgency`, we've built a custom extension to use in GitHub. It looks like this:
> 
> <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6829422/213875977-8ff4cf19-7690-4203-ae13-a8da259be7d0.png" />
> 
> ### Pull Requests for review

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Dashboard

To help surface the issues and PRs that need the most `#urgency`, we've built a custom extension to use in GitHub. It looks like this:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6829422/213875977-8ff4cf19-7690-4203-ae13-a8da259be7d0.png" />

Once you have the extension installed, you can access it by going to https://github.com/Expensify/Expensify#k2 or clicking on the K2 tab at the top of a repo (between pull requests and GH actions).

### Pull Requests for review
```

You could maybe have a screenshot for that K2 tab too.

In the dashboard, you can first see the PRs assigned to you as `Reviewer`. As part of our engineering guidelines, an engineer (internal or external) should review other people's code before working on their own code.

### Issues assigned to you

> In the next section you can see all issues assigned to you, prioritized from most urgent to least urgent. Issues will also change color depending on other factors - e.g. if they have "HOLD" in the title or if they have the `Overdue`, `Planning`, or `Waiting for copy` labels applied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the next section you can see all issues assigned to you, prioritized from most urgent (on the left) to least urgent (on the right). Issues will also change color depending on other factors - e.g. if they have "HOLD" in the title or if they have the `Overdue`, `Planning`, or `Waiting for copy` labels applied.
```

> If a GitHub issue has the `Overdue` label, it means that it hasn't been updated in the amount of time allotted for an update (ex - A weekly issue becomes overdue if it hasn't been updated in a week).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a GitHub issue has the `Overdue` label, the text will be red. This means that the issue hasn't been updated in the amount of time allotted for an update (ex - A weekly issue becomes overdue if it hasn't been updated in a week).
```

### Your Pull Requests

> After the issues section you will find a section that lists your created PRs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the issues section you will find a section that lists the PRs you've created.
```

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6829422/213875978-3df6bcd0-ee9a-472a-9a9f-6db70486bcf0.png" />

### WAQ issues

> The dashboard also shows a list of open issues in the App repo which are not on hold and don't have PRs yet, all ordered by their age (and grouped by how many weeks old they are):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section displays a list of open issues in the App repo which are not on hold and don't have PRs yet, all ordered by their age (and grouped by how many weeks old they are):
```

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6829422/213875962-fb1f23d0-59b9-4d05-960e-160e34c83cf0.png" />

## Label buttons

> On the right side of GitHub issues, you’ll find buttons for the most common labels. Some of these labels are only for internal use, but there are other labels that can be used for public repos:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The page for a GitHub issue will have buttons on the right side for the most common labels. Some of these labels are only for internal use, but there are other labels that can be used for public repos:
```

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6829422/214215474-e7f03411-dea1-44ea-9ca0-3780d7ea2740.png" />

## Reviewer Checklist button

> Additionally the extension provides a button that facilitates the creation of the Reviewer Checklist into a new comment:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, the extension provides a button that facilitates the creation of the Reviewer Checklist into a new comment:
```

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6829422/214215497-ac268e40-0830-43bf-967d-fe667bc2de71.png" />

## Installation

> You can install the KSv2 extension from [here](https://github.com/Expensify/k2-extension/). As a best practice, before you start working on assigned tasks, go to the [K2 dashboard](https://github.com/Expensify/Expensify#k2). At the top of the page, it lists all your assigned issues organized by priority. Anything with red text is overdue - make sure to address these first. That's it!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can install the KSv2 extension from [here](https://github.com/Expensify/k2-extension/).

## Best Practices
- Look at the dashboard every day
- Look at the dashboard first before you start any work
- Work your way down from the top to the bottom (look at PRs you need to review first > provide updates for issues assigned to you > check the progress on PRs you've written > find something new to work on)
```

# KSv2

In Expensify, we use a prioritization system called called "Kernel Scheduler v2" (KSv2) to help us keep aligned on how frequently GitHub issues should be worked on, depending on their time priority:

**Hourly**: If a Github issue has the `Hourly` label, the assignee should update it *at least* once an hour

**Daily**: If a Github issue has the `Daily` label, the assignee should update it *at least* once a day

**Weekly**: If a Github issue has the `Weekly` label, the assignee should update it *at least* once a week

**Monthly**: If a Github issue has the `Monthly` label, the assignee should update it *at least* once a month.

## Dashboard

To help surface the issues and PRs that need the most `#urgency`, we've built a custom extension to use in GitHub. It looks like this:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6829422/213875977-8ff4cf19-7690-4203-ae13-a8da259be7d0.png" />

> Once you have the extension installed, you can access it by going to https://github.com/Expensify/Expensify#k2 or clicking on the K2 tab at the top of a repo (between pull requests and GH actions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have the extension installed, you can access it by going to https://github.com/Expensify/Expensify#k2 or clicking on the K2 tab at the top of a repo (between pull requests and GH actions). You'll have to create a Personal Access Token in GitHub ([here](https://github.com/settings/tokens)) and enter that in the K2 dashboard the first time you open it, so that your K2 extension can automatically pull data about your GitHub account.
```

Reviewer: Or maybe this can go under "Installation" below?

Reviewer 2: I kinda feel like this should be self-explanatory in the UI itself, and if it's not, let's make it that way soon

Reviewer 2: but I'm OK having this for now (if it's not self-explanatory currently)

Reviewer: I think it's self explanatory that a PAT needs to be created, but how to do that & why is not necessarily self explanatory yet

### Pull Requests for review

> In the dashboard, you can first see the PRs assigned to you as `Reviewer`. As part of our engineering guidelines, an engineer (internal or external) should review other people's code before working on their own code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the dashboard, you can first see the PRs assigned to you as `Reviewer`. As part of our engineering guidelines, an engineer (internal or external) should review other people's code before working on their own code. This helps unblock others so that everyone can be as efficient as possible getting stuff done.
```

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6829422/213875978-3df6bcd0-ee9a-472a-9a9f-6db70486bcf0.png" />

### WAQ issues

This section displays a list of open issues in the App repo which are not on hold and don't have PRs yet, all ordered by their age (and grouped by how many weeks old they are):

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6829422/213875962-fb1f23d0-59b9-4d05-960e-160e34c83cf0.png" />

## Label buttons

The page for a GitHub issue will have buttons on the right side for the most common labels. Some of these labels are only for internal use, but there are other labels that can be used for public repos:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6829422/214215474-e7f03411-dea1-44ea-9ca0-3780d7ea2740.png" />

## Reviewer Checklist button

Additionally, the extension provides a button that facilitates the creation of the Reviewer Checklist into a new comment:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6829422/214215497-ac268e40-0830-43bf-967d-fe667bc2de71.png" />

## Installation

You can install the KSv2 extension from [here](https://github.com/Expensify/k2-extension/).

## Best Practices
- Look at the dashboard every day

> - Look at the dashboard first before you start any work

Author: Yes, why not? :D
